Updated Skype for Business information (#3690)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/video-and-audio-calling.rst

Skype for Business
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Start and join voice calls, video calls and use screensharing with your team members, developed by Mattermost (Beta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start and join voice calls, video calls and use screensharing with your team members, developed by kosgrz, and maintained by Mattermost.
```

Reviewer: Also, if you wanted to highlight that the plugin is beta for customer trust, that makes sense. Instead of adding it to the first line, we can add it to the title, `Sykpe for Business (Beta)`.

Author: Hi, @justinegeffen and @jasonblais 

Thank you for the feedback. Yes, I believe that retaining kosgrz as the original developer is a good idea.

And yes, the (Beta) on the title also works for me. All good.
